iconupdates.md, before:

# GitHub Icon Updates

## [MaterialDesign-SVG/svg](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign-SVG/tree/master/svg)
### Rename
There are no icons to be renamed at this time.
### Add
All missing icons are due to be added in the next release.
### Remove
Italicised icons are due to be removed in the next release.
- [ ] `account-star-variant`
- [ ] `appnet`
- [ ] `arrow-compress-all`
- [ ] `arrow-compress`
- [ ] `arrow-down-circle`
- [ ] `arrow-left-circle`
- [ ] `arrow-right-circle`
- [ ] `arrow-up-circle`
- [ ] *`burst-mode`*
- [ ] `cloud-outline-off`
- [ ] `eye-outline-off`
- [ ] `format-quote`
- [ ] `heart-half-part-outline`
- [ ] `heart-half-part`
- [ ] `network-download`
- [ ] `network-question`
- [ ] `network-upload`
- [ ] *`rdio`*
- [ ] *`readability`*
- [ ] `rotate-90`
- [ ] `unfold-less`
- [ ] `unfold-more`
- [ ] *`vine`*

---

## [MaterialDesign/icons/svg](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign/tree/master/icons/svg)
### Rename
- [ ] `currency-btc` -> `bitcoin`
### Add
- [ ] `account-star`
- [ ] `biohazard`
- [ ] `case-sensitive-alt`
- [ ] `close-box`
- [ ] `close-box-outline`
- [ ] `currency-btc`
- [ ] `firefox`
- [ ] `guitar-pick`
- [ ] `guitar-pick-outline`
- [ ] `houzz`
- [ ] `math-compass`
- [ ] `motorbike`
- [ ] `regex`
- [ ] `trophy`
- [ ] `trophy-award`
- [ ] `trophy-variant`
- [ ] `wrap`
### Remove
Italicised icons are due to be removed in the next release. Bold icons are works in progress(?).
- [ ] `appnet`
- [ ] `arrow-down-drop`
- [ ] `battery-standard`
- [ ] `beam`
- [ ] `box-download`
- [ ] `box-upload`
- [ ] `brightness`
- [ ] *`burst-mode`*
- [ ] **`calculator-off`**
- [ ] **`calendar-select`**
- [ ] `check-bookmark`
- [ ] `clapperboard`
- [ ] `controller-xbox`
- [ ] `data`
- [ ] `dice`
- [ ] `document`
- [ ] **`ebay`**
- [ ] `file-image-box`
- [ ] `file-move`
- [ ] `fill`
- [ ] `flag-checkered-variant`
- [ ] **`flickr-after`**
- [ ] **`flickr-before`**
- [ ] **`folder-outline-lock`**
- [ ] `footer`
- [ ] `format-color`
- [ ] `format-header-down`
- [ ] `format-header-up`
- [ ] `indent`
- [ ] **`linode`**
- [ ] `no`
- [ ] `not-equal`
- [ ] `outbox`
- [ ] `outdent`
- [ ] `people`
- [ ] `person-box`
- [ ] `person-minus`
- [ ] `person-plus`
- [ ] `picture`
- [ ] `plane`
- [ ] `question-mark-circle`
- [ ] `quick-reply`
- [ ] **`rabbit`**
- [ ] *`rdio`*
- [ ] **`spreadsheet`**
- [ ] **`star-of-david`**
- [ ] `trash`
- [ ] *`vine`*
- [ ] `volume`
- [ ] `youtube`

---

## [MaterialDesign/icons/design](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign/tree/master/icons/design)
### Rename
- [ ] `currency-btc` -> `bitcoin`
### Add
- [ ] `account-star`
- [ ] `biohazard`
- [ ] `case-sensitive-alt`
- [ ] `close-box`
- [ ] `close-box-outline`
- [ ] `currency-btc`
- [ ] `firefox`
- [ ] `guitar-pick`
- [ ] `guitar-pick-outline`
- [ ] `houzz`
- [ ] `math-compass`
- [ ] `motorbike`
- [ ] `ornament`
- [ ] `ornament-variant`
- [ ] `regex`
- [ ] `trophy-award`
- [ ] `trophy-variant`
- [ ] `wrap`
### Remove
Many of these icons are either works in progress or legacy icons.
- [ ] `500px`
- [ ] `account-move`
- [ ] `appnet`
- [ ] `arduino`
- [ ] `arrow-down-drop`
- [ ] `battery-100`
- [ ] `battery-standard`
- [ ] `beam`
- [ ] `box-download`
- [ ] `box-upload`
- [ ] `brightness`
- [ ] `burst-mode`
- [ ] `calculator-off`
- [ ] `calendar-multiselect`
- [ ] `calendar-select`
- [ ] `clapperboard`
- [ ] `controller-xbox`
- [ ] `cubes`
- [ ] `data`
- [ ] `dice-d12`
- [ ] `dice`
- [ ] `document`
- [ ] `ebay`
- [ ] `faq`
- [ ] `file-image-box`
- [ ] `file-move`
- [ ] `fill`
- [ ] `flag-checkered-variant`
- [ ] `flickr-after`
- [ ] `flickr-before`
- [ ] `folder-outline-lock`
- [ ] `format-header-down`
- [ ] `format-header-up`
- [ ] `gauge-0`
- [ ] `glass-template`
- [ ] `gokart`
- [ ] `hexagon-move`
- [ ] `indent`
- [ ] `ir-remote`
- [ ] `linode`
- [ ] `mountain`
- [ ] `nfc-enabled`
- [ ] `no`
- [ ] `not-equal`
- [ ] `outdent`
- [ ] `paypal-above`
- [ ] `people`
- [ ] `person-box`
- [ ] `person-minus`
- [ ] `person-plus`
- [ ] `picture`
- [ ] `plane`
- [ ] `qrcode-variant`
- [ ] `question-mark-circle`
- [ ] `quick-reply`
- [ ] `rabbit`
- [ ] `rdio`
- [ ] `remove-circle`
- [ ] `shoe-running`
- [ ] `spreadsheet`
- [ ] `star-of-david`
- [ ] `theme-color`
- [ ] `vector-rectangle-radius`
- [ ] `vine`
- [ ] `volume`
- [ ] `water-bag`
- [ ] `youtube`

Commit message:

v2.1.19 Prep
Initial commit preparing for the full release of Material Design Icons
v2.1.19 later on today.

iconupdates.md, after:

# GitHub Icon Updates

## [MaterialDesign-SVG/svg](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign-SVG/tree/master/svg)
### Rename
There are no icons to be renamed at this time.
### Add
All missing icons are due to be added in the next release.
### Remove
There are no icons to be removed at this time.

---

## [MaterialDesign/icons/svg](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign/tree/master/icons/svg)
### Rename
- [ ] `currency-btc` -> `bitcoin`
### Add
- [ ] `account-star`
- [ ] `biohazard`
- [ ] `case-sensitive-alt`
- [ ] `close-box`
- [ ] `close-box-outline`
- [ ] `currency-btc`
- [ ] `firefox`
- [ ] `guitar-pick`
- [ ] `guitar-pick-outline`
- [ ] `houzz`
- [ ] `math-compass`
- [ ] `motorbike`
- [ ] `regex`
- [ ] `trophy`
- [ ] `trophy-award`
- [ ] `trophy-variant`
- [ ] `wrap`
### Remove
Italicised icons are due to be removed in the next release. Bold icons are works in progress(?).
- [ ] `appnet`
- [ ] `arrow-down-drop`
- [ ] `battery-standard`
- [ ] `beam`
- [ ] `box-download`
- [ ] `box-upload`
- [ ] `brightness`
- [ ] *`burst-mode`*
- [ ] **`calculator-off`**
- [ ] **`calendar-select`**
- [ ] `check-bookmark`
- [ ] `clapperboard`
- [ ] `controller-xbox`
- [ ] `data`
- [ ] `dice`
- [ ] `document`
- [ ] **`ebay`**
- [ ] `file-image-box`
- [ ] `file-move`
- [ ] `fill`
- [ ] `flag-checkered-variant`
- [ ] **`flickr-after`**
- [ ] **`flickr-before`**
- [ ] **`folder-outline-lock`**
- [ ] `footer`
- [ ] `format-color`
- [ ] `format-header-down`
- [ ] `format-header-up`
- [ ] `indent`
- [ ] **`linode`**
- [ ] `no`
- [ ] `not-equal`
- [ ] `outbox`
- [ ] `outdent`
- [ ] `people`
- [ ] `person-box`
- [ ] `person-minus`
- [ ] `person-plus`
- [ ] `picture`
- [ ] `plane`
- [ ] `question-mark-circle`
- [ ] `quick-reply`
- [ ] **`rabbit`**
- [ ] *`rdio`*
- [ ] **`spreadsheet`**
- [ ] **`star-of-david`**
- [ ] `trash`
- [ ] *`vine`*
- [ ] `volume`
- [ ] `youtube`

---

## [MaterialDesign/icons/design](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign/tree/master/icons/design)
### Rename
- [ ] `currency-btc` -> `bitcoin`
### Add
- [ ] `account-star`
- [ ] `biohazard`
- [ ] `case-sensitive-alt`
- [ ] `close-box`
- [ ] `close-box-outline`
- [ ] `currency-btc`
- [ ] `firefox`
- [ ] `guitar-pick`
- [ ] `guitar-pick-outline`
- [ ] `houzz`
- [ ] `math-compass`
- [ ] `motorbike`
- [ ] `ornament`
- [ ] `ornament-variant`
- [ ] `regex`
- [ ] `trophy-award`
- [ ] `trophy-variant`
- [ ] `wrap`
### Remove
Many of these icons are either works in progress or legacy icons.
- [ ] `500px`
- [ ] `account-move`
- [ ] `appnet`
- [ ] `arduino`
- [ ] `arrow-down-drop`
- [ ] `battery-100`
- [ ] `battery-standard`
- [ ] `beam`
- [ ] `box-download`
- [ ] `box-upload`
- [ ] `brightness`
- [ ] `burst-mode`
- [ ] `calculator-off`
- [ ] `calendar-multiselect`
- [ ] `calendar-select`
- [ ] `clapperboard`
- [ ] `controller-xbox`
- [ ] `cubes`
- [ ] `data`
- [ ] `dice-d12`
- [ ] `dice`
- [ ] `document`
- [ ] `ebay`
- [ ] `faq`
- [ ] `file-image-box`
- [ ] `file-move`
- [ ] `fill`
- [ ] `flag-checkered-variant`
- [ ] `flickr-after`
- [ ] `flickr-before`
- [ ] `folder-outline-lock`
- [ ] `format-header-down`
- [ ] `format-header-up`
- [ ] `gauge-0`
- [ ] `glass-template`
- [ ] `gokart`
- [ ] `hexagon-move`
- [ ] `indent`
- [ ] `ir-remote`
- [ ] `linode`
- [ ] `mountain`
- [ ] `nfc-enabled`
- [ ] `no`
- [ ] `not-equal`
- [ ] `outdent`
- [ ] `paypal-above`
- [ ] `people`
- [ ] `person-box`
- [ ] `person-minus`
- [ ] `person-plus`
- [ ] `picture`
- [ ] `plane`
- [ ] `qrcode-variant`
- [ ] `question-mark-circle`
- [ ] `quick-reply`
- [ ] `rabbit`
- [ ] `rdio`
- [ ] `remove-circle`
- [ ] `shoe-running`
- [ ] `spreadsheet`
- [ ] `star-of-david`
- [ ] `theme-color`
- [ ] `vector-rectangle-radius`
- [ ] `vine`
- [ ] `volume`
- [ ] `water-bag`
- [ ] `youtube`
